VP Meeting 2

National Convention:
Chairs…
Finalize the rubric Review Form
When to announce  paragraph form!  Fundraiser Ideas:  When do we want to do it
Ideas: corn, raspados, other ideas?
raspados:
corn:
- 106oz $5
- 25+
- 60 mark that we said
-


GBM:
update on talks
what should we do?  15:    Elevator Pitch
- what makes a student stand out?
- when do recruiter start to lose interest?
- what not to say to a recruiter
- how do you prepare for the elevator pitch? research    

 SHPE core values…  what value do you with identify with the most and how do you exemplify it? VP Meeting 3

Bad news:
- College of Engineering will not pay for Food or Hotel
- College of Engineering isn’t even sure if we can provide flights for 40 students

So what does this mean?
- We will have to rollback the application or make it due the 15th.
- Submit the appliucation to ASG on Monday

Are we still going to take 40 students?
Doing the math, registration for 30 students. would be 10,350.
TC said last year it would be 17500 for all 42 people, 4 people a room. 
We need corporate sponsorships!!!!!!! and fundraising.

housing! will be main priority   airbnb

ECAP Alumni, p66, walmart, tyson, jb hunt, clorox 
 What do I need to do:  Find a time to meet with Bryan Hill this week.
Talk to TC about fundraising.
Corporate sponsorships VP Meeting 4

- LHM event. UARK Alumni Professionals Panel. October 2nd.
- Bryan Hill: We will know more information the week leading up to school. Final number is still undecided.
- National Convention: I blocked off time Tuesday. Lets talk about who can be there.
- Corporate sponsorships: $1,500 secured. Talking to Mid America. I want to setup a meeting with all chairs to come up with corporate sponsorship plan. Plan to reach out to alumni for their corporate networks.
- Matthew lets talk your fundraising ideas.
 - Fruit and maybe aguas frescas          - Julio:
- Tiktok 


VP Meeting 5

Agenda:
Any updates?

- National Convention
    - What has Julio heard more from TC?
        - We will receive a final number this weekend.
    - We are meeting Monday AND Tuesday AND Wednesday.
    - Once we have a rankings, matthew when are you free Wednesday?
    - We had a bug…
    - An announcement tonight…. and Sunday also on Instagra, and GroupMe
    - Emphasize hard dealine….
    - I am going to say. We CANNOT share this to absolutely anyone. We will have to wait and see how many people we can take. If I hear word that students know about their rank, we will get to the bototm of it. As an officer, you have the repsonsibitly of making this as fair as possible. I know we have friends int here, but by no circumstance should we share any of the informaiton. Please.
    - Lets reserve a space.

- Communications:
    - LinkedIn. Where are we?
        - Intro post
            - What should it look like?
        - GBM Post
        - Intern Highlights
            - Form: Name, Picture, Expected Graduation, Position, Company, Location, Questions
    - Intern Highlight
        - Both Instagram and LinkedIn
    - Who is doing the takeover next?

- Meeting next week:
    - Recap.
    - Im so excited!!
    - Should we rename??
    - We ordered aboout 20 pizzas. 160 slices. for 80 people, 2 slices!
    - Could we get more rooms??
    - Presentation slides:
        - Introduction of E board and Chairs
        - How to be a good SHPE member and what is SHPE?
            - Be involved, ask questions, get to know the people around you, 80% of it is showing up!
            - We want this to be a place where you all feel at home!
        - 5:30 Jb hunt takes over for 45 mins. 6:15 - done activity and networking.
        - National Convention run down. Selections have been made….
    - Diana, coke form!
    - We need the flyer done. Emphasize General body meeting!
    - HOGSYNC:
        - I want events for every tabling event and every event in general…

- Texas Instruments
    - Early stages of planning…
    - I will still reach out for food and maybe sponsorship
    - 5PM is propsed time, but pre stem mixer is at 5. Should we change?

- Fundraising

- Events: Lets plan them out. And try to apply by the second Wednesday of school.
    - Hogsync for each event, WE WILL SETUP A CALENDAR
    - So far:
        - August 20. GBM 1!



Answer questions!
 VP Meeting 6-7

NC selection  VP Meeting 8

STANDUP STYLE INTROS

SHPE Jr
- Juan collab in november
- SSHS Inquiry sent
- RHS will be sent today
- Updates

INTERNAL
Raices y Rutas
- Budgets!
GBM 2
- Flyer when?
- All is mostly set… what else do we need
GBM 3!!!
- October
- Lets do a game or just like somethign chill
- OFA Money

FINANCE
- 5 racks
Churros with SHPE
- Recap
- How much we raised.
- Upcoming fundraisers!
- Brainstorm
ArkanSalsa
- Waiting on Andres to see whatsup
- Julio we still good?
FIFA Tournament!

NATIONAL CONVENTION
  VP Meeting 9

- Slides for GBM 2!
    - I want to talk about NC!
    - Staying up to date!
    - Upcoming events!
- Trifold: who and where! VP Comms
- Churros event for September 19th? How is it going!
- Fifa tournament: lets set a date!
- Lets set a date for GBM 3
- SHPE Jr

Revamp chairs:
- Professional Media Chair: Ruby Lopez!
- VP of Secretary!
- Assistant Secratary: Organize calendar SHPE Calendar!
